well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we are going to talk about
accountability
and then unity it should come as
no surprise that the party of personal
responsibility
is taking none for their part in recent
events
everybody is uh just pretending as if
they had nothing to do with it
and that makes it hard to believe that
there's going to be any accountability
so let's take stock of the type of
accountability that has occurred
so far and what is planned
okay so we talked about how the strategy
appeared to be going after middle
management
those who were active on scene and
maybe directed events there or
instigated there
there have been dozens of arrests
now most of the charges right now are
pretty minor
that's typical in a case like this i
would imagine
i'm certain that a few of them are going
to see
their charges uh multiply
again going after middle management
it's not effective you have to go after
the top those at the top can always find
new middle management so
what's happening there today as you all
are watching this
pelosi should be introducing a
resolution basically something asking
pence to invoke the 25th amendment from
there he has 24
hours and then they will proceed with
impeachment
not how i would do it but it's how it's
being done
it is worth noting that in her statement
pelosi mentioned the 14th amendment if
you're not familiar with the 14th
amendment do not beat yourself
up it hasn't really been used to my
knowledge in like the last
century and a half short version
and we'll go into it more in depth if it
becomes relevant
is that anybody who engages in rebellion
against the united states who formerly
took an oath
well they can't be a representative a
senator a president
again
i would imagine this is being included
as a way of getting votes for
impeachment
impeachment would just be about the
president
however if the 14th amendment is used
i would imagine that a lot of people who
played a minor hand in this
maybe slightly less culpable
i would imagine they would get caught up
in it too so it might make them a little
bit more
enthusiastic about going the impeachment
route
it seems like leverage to me if it was
attempted to be used i'm not sure how it
would play out to be honest
uh there's there haven't been a whole
lot of uses
in the past so i i'm i would actually
have to go back and look
and see how it would play out
okay so what about uh
accountability from the free market what
about the market deciding
it is being reported that the pga will
not be using one of uh
trump's golf courses if this is true in
the sticks
you're uh talking about trump losing
millions
millions off of this decision
there is an internet payment processor
called stripe they have stopped
processing payments for the trump
campaign
that is going to complicate things
the uh there's a social media network
that i'm not going to name that is
alleged to have been utilized
in the planning of recent events
they've lost everything
you can no longer download it through
the google play store you can't get it
through the apple store
my understanding is that amazon is going
to revoke their hosting or
has probably has by the time you'll
watch this
uh the ceo of the company
said that i guess even some of their
lawyers walked
that basically all of their vendors
don't have anything to do with them
anymore
that may be enough to end that social
media network
you also had a whole bunch of people
find out that
dc is the most surveilled place on the
planet
i think definitely in the top five
there isn't much you can do in dc
that isn't tracked a whole bunch of
people
who i'm fairly certain thought they got
away and were not going to be held
accountable
found out when they tried to get on a
plane
and law enforcement showed up if you
don't know
dc is one giant camera
you are probably on film almost the
entire time you're there
aside from that the a lot of government
buildings have their own networks
that ping your cell phone and they have
the ability
to know who owns that cell phone and
track it back
there are a whole bunch of people who
are low priority right now
that as the investigation progresses it
may be weeks or months from now
we'll get a visit i imagine that's going
to be a
tense uh period for a lot of people
so that's where we're at as far as
accountability at the moment
um we'll see how it all plays out and
i'll try to keep you updated
now let's talk about unity because i
know a lot of people are not really
ready for this conversation too soon
type of thing
the problem is we have to have it now
if people fell for this ideology
if they were middle management and
they got held accountable if they were
below middle management
it doesn't matter if they uh
want to step away and rejoin normal
society
we have to allow it we have to welcome
them
now not just is this important in the
sense of
dealing with the ideology and reducing
their numbers
that's good for society as a whole it's
good for the entire world
to reduce the number of people who are
openly embracing authoritarianism
here's your self-interest we have seen
what this ideology is capable of
imagine if there are people who
feel there's no way out of that ideology
what they might do what they might do to
themselves
what they may do if they decide to lash
out
and act alone events like that
are unpredictable you can't stop them
really
and they normally have pretty tragic
consequences
so as much as we may not be ready for it
we may want more punitive measures to be
taken
those who step away
they have to be welcomed back
into normal society
no matter how irritating it is
that's the only way we can move forward
but we get accountability first
and go from there um
i i would be really surprised if
pence invokes the 25th amendment it may
be possible
that he sees this resolution as the
cover he needs
to just uh to just do it
but i see that as unlikely i actually
hope i'm wrong about that there is a
slim chance but we'll see
so as we move forward we need to
remember
that the country has been through
a lot worse than this i know in recent
memory this is
as bad as it gets but it's been through
a lot worse
so much so that we have amendments
already
but uh we will make it
we'll get through this the trump
administration
will end at some point
and uh we'll be able to move forward
this was a near miss and there's still a
lot of risk out there
we need to remember how close we came
if we managed to skate through the rest
of the month without issue
and we need to work to make sure it
never happens again
and that's going to take all of us
anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day